take out a half-court diet Court doesn't
go out she's a brain trapped in the body
of the game show hostess we don't want
to see you get hurt I want to get hurt
hello hi
Lloyd Dobler sir athlete so I rarely
drink trick kickboxing there -
kickboxing support of the future I can
see by your face no my point is you can
relax because your daughter will be safe
with me for the next seven eight hours
sir
[Music]
did you really come here at boy toddler
looking for a dare to be great situation
thank tough boy
[Music]
can't have any social life writer who be
anti-social
[Music]
where are your plans for the future
spending much time possible with damn no
really
I'm totally serious I decided not to
sleep with him then attacked him anyway
don't your dad dude where'd you dump him
into the car
[Music]
[Applause]
I need you you do
[Music]
John Kooza Ione Skye say anything